README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Vishal Kumar</h1>
<h3 align="center">Generative AI Developer | B.Tech Undergraduate</h3>

## 🚀 About Me

Aspiring **Generative AI Developer** focused on building intelligent systems using Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.
- 🔭 Currently working on **RAG Systems & LLM Applications**
- 🌱 Learning **Advanced RAG Architectures, Multi-Agent Systems**
- 🏆 **Smart India Hackathon 2025 Finalist**

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

### Languages
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

### AI & ML Technologies

#### Core
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Generative%20AI-412991?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white" alt="Generative AI"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LLMs-FFD21E?style=for-the-badge&logo=huggingface&logoColor=black" alt="LLMs"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/RAG-00897B?style=for-the-badge&logo=databricks&logoColor=white" alt="RAG"/>
</p>

#### Frameworks
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C3C3C?style=for-the-badge&logo=langchain&logoColor=white" alt="LangChain"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" alt="FastAPI"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white" alt="Streamlit"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" alt="PyTorch"/>
</p>

#### Libraries
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" alt="Pandas"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white" alt="NumPy"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white" alt="OpenCV"/>
</p>

#### Tools
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="Git"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" alt="Docker"/>
</p>

#### Databases
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/InfluxDB-22ADF6?style=for-the-badge&logo=influxdb&logoColor=white" alt="InfluxDB"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ChromaDB-FF6B35?style=for-the-badge&logo=databricks&logoColor=white" alt="ChromaDB"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FAISS-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=meta&logoColor=white" alt="FAISS"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Relational%20DB-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" alt="Relational DB"/>
</p>

## 🤝 Connect with me

<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vishal-kumar-614924325/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="vishal kumar" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com/u/Vishalkumar4141" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/leet-code.svg" alt="vishalkumar4141" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://geeksforgeeks.org/profile/vishaljaixzzv" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/geeks-for-geeks.svg" alt="vishaljaixzzv" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Update About Me summary with expanded bio
Updated personal description and added details about experience and current learning.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Vishal Kumar</h1>
<h3 align="center">Generative AI Developer | B.Tech Undergraduate</h3>

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a **Generative AI Developer** focused on building intelligent systems using Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.
Hands-on experience with **Large Language Models**, **LangChain**, and **Retrieval-Augmented Generation**. Skilled in creating
AI-powered, full-stack and automation-based solutions while exploring scalable RAG architectures.

- 🔭 Currently working on **RAG Systems & LLM Applications**
- 🌱 Learning **Advanced RAG Architectures, Multi-Agent Systems**
- 🏆 **Smart India Hackathon 2025 Finalist**

## 🛠️ Technical Skills

### Languages
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

### AI & ML Technologies

#### Core
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Generative%20AI-412991?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white" alt="Generative AI"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LLMs-FFD21E?style=for-the-badge&logo=huggingface&logoColor=black" alt="LLMs"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/RAG-00897B?style=for-the-badge&logo=databricks&logoColor=white" alt="RAG"/>
</p>

#### Frameworks
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-1C3C3C?style=for-the-badge&logo=langchain&logoColor=white" alt="LangChain"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" alt="FastAPI"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white" alt="Streamlit"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white" alt="PyTorch"/>
</p>

#### Libraries
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" alt="Pandas"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white" alt="NumPy"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white" alt="OpenCV"/>
</p>

#### Tools
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" alt="Git"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" alt="Docker"/>
</p>

#### Databases
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/InfluxDB-22ADF6?style=for-the-badge&logo=influxdb&logoColor=white" alt="InfluxDB"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ChromaDB-FF6B35?style=for-the-badge&logo=databricks&logoColor=white" alt="ChromaDB"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FAISS-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=meta&logoColor=white" alt="FAISS"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Relational%20DB-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white" alt="Relational DB"/>
</p>

## 🤝 Connect with me

<p align="left">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vishal-kumar-614924325/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="vishal kumar" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://www.leetcode.com/u/Vishalkumar4141" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/leet-code.svg" alt="vishalkumar4141" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://geeksforgeeks.org/profile/vishaljaixzzv" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/geeks-for-geeks.svg" alt="vishaljaixzzv" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>
